# Lissajous About

Lissajous.art NFT

**First of its kind Ethereum-native generative geometric art experiment**

## How does it work?

This project creates a geometric Lissajous figure according to the current
Ethereum block and the price per NFT. The NFT is only generated once someone
mints it. I.e. sending an actual transaction to the Ethereum network and paying
for it. Otherwise, it is lost forever.

The block number is hashed and the result is used to determine the parameters of
the draw function. This has three important effects:

1. We know in advance which block will produce which figure
2. Due to the randomised nature of the hash function, the figures are scattered
3. It is difficult to determine in which block the transaction will actually be
   included

The other parameter is the price one is willing to pay, which directly
determines the color of the NFT. That means you can show off how much you paid
for your NFT ;)

```
keccak256(blockNumber)             pricePerToken
 => 0x10114ad143...                0.1

drawFigure(keccak256(blockNumber), pricePerToken)
```

The sale is limited to a period of time. After the end-block it will not be
possible to mint more Lissajous NFTs.

There are 8'388'608 possible parameter combinations, however the experiment will
only last 524'288 blocks.

## How much does it cost?

The price starts at 0.01 ETH per NFT and increases 0.1% with every mint. If you
mint multiple NFTs, all of them will carry the same price.

The UI sets your minting price 1% above the actual minimum price per token at
the time of the transaction in order to avoid it getting reverted. This is due
to other transactions being mined between the initiation of your transaction and
the actual confirmation. You will receive the excess amount upon minting
according to your price category.

### Price categories

The colors change according to price categories below:

From Ξ0.01 to Ξ0.1 in steps of Ξ0.01 From Ξ0.1 to Ξ1 in steps of Ξ0.1 From Ξ1 to
Ξ10 in steps of Ξ1 And then there is one price for Elon ;)

## How do I know in which block my transaction is included?

In short: You don't. You can try to set higher gas prices to incentivice miners
to confirm your transaction faster. If you really want to catch one particular
figure, you should increase the amount.

Example:

The current block is 10 and you see a figure that you desperately want in
block 15. You can now mint 5 NFTs. In this case, you will most likely end up
with: 11, 12, 13, 14, 15.

## Are these NFTs unique

Every NFT has a unique ID, although it is possible that they look alike. This is
due to the nature of the Lissajous figure in which different parameters can lead
to the same figure. Furthermore, it is possible that two people mint an NFT in
the same block. Or that someone minted 2 NFTs in the block before.

That said, you still have the possibility to influence the look of your NFT by
setting the price and therefore the color.

## What about the infamous Rainbow Lissjous NFTs?

There are some very rare Rainbow NFTs which hide in the sea of the other NFTs.
You can not buy them in a set: So if you can figure out at which block they
would appear, you have to target that particular block. On the other hand side:
They are not expensive. Even if you pay 100 Eth to get it, the contract will
return the difference to the current minimum price.

This is our way to say: You can not buy everything with money. Some things need
skill and luck.

## What can I do with it?

Most of all, you should have fun playing around with the intersection of art,
geometry, cryptography, and finance. You could also try to build collections.
There are some simple figures that are worth collecting. Alternatively, you
could collect elements of one figure: one of the parameters determines how
complete the figure is.

## How do I know that you are not going to pull the rug from under my feet?

The underlying smart-contract is deployed on the Ethereum blockchain. It also
generates the figure parameters out of the NFT's ID and is irreversible. The
algorithm to generate the Lissajous-Figure is general knowledge, therefore you
can build it by yourself. However, we will also create an open-source webpage
which will be able to generate the figures out of the parameters just the way we
do it here.

## Why is it not open-source?

The smart contract is open-source and you can read it
[here](https://etherscan.io/address/0x0Ac9f2dde31eEee4fFb3f2DE5578FaE7C97B5755#code).
We have not made the UI open-source yet because we want to protect the project
from copycats and scammers. After the last block, we will release an open-source
project for everyone to use.

## Who is behind Lissajous.art NFT?

Lissajous.art NFT is a project developed by
[Unchained Commerce GmbH](https://unchained.shop/), a small open-source software
company from Zurich, Switzerland. We are on a mission to unchain e-commerce
companies worldwide from big centralised corporations. To achieve our goal, we
have created our own
[open source headless e-commerce engine](https://github.com/unchainedshop/unchained).

## Don't transactions on Ethereum waste a lot of energy?

Yes, we are aware. All new technologies have their problems in the early stages
of development. Ethereum is on the right way with ETH 2.0. Nevertheless, we will
invest 10% of our earnings into renewable energy projects. If you have any
suggestions, perhaps related to blockchain, let us know in the
[chat](https://matrix.to/#/!SEGqAkImeHDZDviOHK:matrix.org?via=matrix.org)..

## I have other questions

[We have created a dedicated chat room on Matrix.](https://matrix.to/#/!SEGqAkImeHDZDviOHK:matrix.org?via=matrix.org)
