# Terms and Conditions

Hashmasks

Terms of Use

Last Updated: 27 January 2021

These Terms of Use constitute a legally binding agreement made between the
user (“you”), whether personally or on behalf of an entity and Suum Cuique
Labs GmbH, domiciled in Zug, Switzerland (The Company”;“we") concerning
your access to and use of the www.thehashmasks.com website and the
smart-contract based Hashmasks application (“App” or “Application”) as
well as any other media form, media channel, mobile website or mobile
application, smart contracts related, linked, or otherwise connected
thereto (the “website”, Site” and the “App”).

Hashmasks is a digital art collectible built on top of the Ethereum
network. The collection consists of 16 384 unique digital portraits (the
“Hashmasks” or “Art”) that are hashed on the blockchain and are
represented by a non-fungible token (“NFT”) each. In addition, each NFT
accumulates a utility token (“NCT”), which serves only one purpose: To
rename the NFT on Ethereum. There are no other functionalities of the NCT
token. The Hashmasks smart contract allows participants to purchase the
NFT representing the digital portraits from. The NCT utility token cannot
be purchased, but it can be freely accumulated by holding the NFT. The
only utility of the NCT token is to change the name of the NFT on the
Ethereum blockchain. The Company does not provide or intend to provide a
secondary market place for the NFT or NCT. Hashmasks will provide a user
interface to visualize the digital art works. After the sale of an NCT to
you, the ownership of the NFT, and to the connected Art, is transferred
from the Ethereum smart contract to the purchaser and concludes the
business transaction between both parties.

The Company is selling the Art via the NFT and is making the Application
available to you. Before you purchase an NFT and use the UI and the
Ethereum smart contracts, however, you will need to agree to these Terms
of Use and any terms and conditions incorporated herein by reference
(collectively, these "Terms").

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE MAKING A PURCHASE OF AN NFT
AND/OR USING THE APP. THESE TERMS GOVERN YOUR PURCHASE of NFT AND USE OF
THE APPLICATION, UNLESS THE COMPANY HAS EXECUTED A SEPARATE WRITTEN
AGREEMENT WITH YOU FOR THAT PURPOSE. THE COMPANY IS ONLY WILLING TO MAKE
THE NFT AND THE APP AVAILABLE TO YOU IF YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THESE TERMS. BY
USING THE APPLICATION, OR ANY PART OF THEM, OR BY CLICKING “I ACCEPT”
BELOW OR INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE IN AN ADJOINING BOX, YOU ARE
CONFIRMING THAT YOU FULLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THESE
TERMS. IF YOU ARE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER
LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO ACCEPT
THESE TERMS ON THAT ENTITY’S BEHALF, IN WHICH CASE “YOU” WILL MEAN THAT
ENTITY. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT ALL OF
THESE TERMS, THEN WE ARE UNWILLING TO MAKE THE APP, THE SMART CONTRACTS,
OR THE SITE AVAILABLE TO YOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU MAY
NOT ACCESS OR USE THE APP, THE SMART CONTRACTS, OR THE SITE.

## 1. THE HASHMASKS APP

A. The Hashmasks App is a collection of 16 384 unique digital portraits
(stored in .jpeg format on IPFS), each represented by a NFT. By holding a
hashmask in your wallet, you accumulate the NCT for free, which allows you
to change the name on the Ethereum blockchain.

B. The hashmask NFTs are sold during an initial sales period of up to 2
weeks (14 days) according to the price schedule displayed on the website
(www.thehashmasks.com). All unsold masks during the initial sales period
will remain purchasable after the initial sales period has concluded as
the sale is encoded in the smart contract. The Company does not provide
any additional services to the user after the business transaction is
concluded.

C. You can access the Appvia any web browser using the URL
https://www.thehashmasks.com and an electronic Ethereum wallet compatible
with the NFTstandard on the Ethereum network, such as the MetaMask wallet.
You will not be able to engage in any transactions on the App other than
through MetaMask, or other Ethereum-compatible browsers.

D. Transactions on the App are managed and confirmed via the Ethereum
blockchain. We neither own nor control MetaMask, Google Chrome, the
Ethereum network, or any other third-party site, product, or service that
you might access, visit, or use for the purpose of enabling you to use the
various features of the App. We will not be liable for the acts or
omissions of any such third parties, nor will we be liable for any damage
that you may suffer as a result of your transactions or any other
interaction with any such third parties.

E. You are responsible for your MetaMask wallet (and other Ethereum
wallets) and the private key to access it.

F. The hashmasks are digital art works and serve no other purpose other
than that of an art work. The Name Changing Token serves only one purpose:
to change the name of your NFT on-chain.

## 2. PAYMENT

A. If you decide to purchase a Hashmask digital art portrait from the
contract, any financial transactions will be conducted solely through the
Ethereum network. We have no control over these payments or transactions,
nor do we have the ability to reverse any transactions. With that in mind,
the company will have no liability to you or to any third party for any
claims or damages that may arise as a result of any transactions that you
engage in via the App, or using the Smart Contracts, or any other
transactions that you conduct via the Ethereum network.

B. Ethereum requires the payment of a transaction fee (a “Gas Fee”) for
every transaction that occurs on the Ethereum network. The Gas Fee funds
the network of computers that run the decentralized Ethereum network. This
means that you will need to pay a Gas Fee for each transaction that occurs
via the App. The Gas Fee does not go to us and we have no control over its
pricing.

D. All paid prices exclude any possible duties or charges. You will be
solely responsible to pay any and all sales, use, value-added and other
taxes, duties, and assessments (except taxes on our net income) now or
hereafter claimed or imposed by any governmental authority (collectively,
“Taxes”) associated with your use of the App (including, without
limitation, any Taxes that may become payable as the result of your
ownership of a Hashmask. Except for income and net-wealth taxes levied on
The Company , you: (i) will pay or reimburse us for all national, federal,
state, local or other taxes and assessments of any jurisdiction, including
value added taxes and taxes as required by international tax treaties,
customs or other import or export taxes, and amounts levied in lieu
thereof based on charges set, services performed or payments made
hereunder, as are now or hereafter may be imposed under the authority of
any national, state, local or any other taxing jurisdiction; and (ii)
shall not be entitled to deduct the amount of any such taxes, duties or
assessments from payments made to us pursuant to these Terms. You confirm
that you are not a resident in Switzerland or the United States nor are
you registered for Goods and services tax in Switzerland or the United
States.

## 3. OWNERSHIP AND RESTRICTIONS

A. Ownership

i. You Own the NFT. Each Hashmask is a NFT on the Ethereum blockchain.
When you purchase a NFT, you own the underlying Hashmask, the Art,
completely. Ownership of the NFT is mediated entirely by the Smart
Contract and the Ethereum Network: at no point may we seize, freeze, or
otherwise modify the ownership of any Hashmask. In addition, any NFT
holder will be eligible to claim NCT tokens for free from the NCT
Contract. The NCT tokens can then, and solely, be used to change the name
of the NFT on the Ethereum Blockchain. We strictly prohibit the use of
offensive language in the name giving process. Any insulting names will be
removed from the User Interface. Since the smart contracts are open to
anyone, we cannot hinder a name change on the Ethereum blockchain.

ii. Personal Use. Subject to your continued compliance with these Terms,
The Company grants you a worldwide, exclusive, royalty-free license to
use, copy, and display the purchased Art, along with any extensions that
you choose to create or use, solely for the following purposes: (i) for
your own personal, non-commercial use; (ii) as part of a marketplace that
permits the purchase and sale of your Hashmask / NFT, provided that the
marketplace cryptographically verifies each Hashmask owner’s rights to
display the Art for their Hashmasks to ensure that only the actual owner
can display the Art; or (iii) as part of a third party website or
application that permits the inclusion, involvement, or participation of
your Hashmask, provided that the website/application cryptographically
verifies each Hashmask owner’s rights to display the Art for their
Hashmask to ensure that only the actual owner can display the Art, and
provided that the Art is no longer visible once the owner of the Hashmask
leaves the website/application.

iii. Commercial Use. Subject to your continued compliance with these
Terms, The Company grants you an unlimited, worldwide, exclusive, license
to use, copy, and display the purchased Art for the purpose of creating
derivative works based upon the Art (“Commercial Use”). Examples of such
Commercial Use would e.g. be the use of the Art to produce and sell
merchandise products (T-Shirts etc.) displaying copies of the Art. For the
sake of clarity, nothing in this Section will be deemed to restrict you
from (i) owning or operating a marketplace that permits the use and sale
of Hashmasks generally, provided that the marketplace cryptographically
verifies each Hashmask owner’s rights to display the Art for their
Hashmasks to ensure that only the actual owner can display the Art; (ii)
owning or operating a third party website or application that permits the
inclusion, involvement, or participation of Hashmasks generally, provided
that the third party website or application cryptographically verifies
each Hashmask owner’s rights to display the Art for their Hashmask to
ensure that only the actual owner can display the Art, and provided that
the Art is no longer visible once the owner of the Purchased Hashmask
leaves the website/application; or (iii) earning revenue from any of the
foregoing.

B. Restrictions.

By using the App and/or purchasing NFT, you confirm to not be listed, or
associated with any person or entity being listed, on any of the US
Department of Commerce’s Denied Persons or Entity List, the US Department
of Treasury’s Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons Lists, the
US Department of State’s Debarred Parties List, the EU Consolidated List
of Persons, Groups and Entities Subject to EU Financial Sanctions, or the
Swiss SECO’s Overall List of Sanctioned Individuals, Entities and
Organizations. You further confirm not to be resident of, citizen of or
located in a geographic area that is subject to UN-, US-, EU-, Swiss
embargoes. You further confirm not to be resident in Switzerland or the
United States.

You further confirm not to be resident of, citizen of or located in a
geographic area that is subject to UN-, US-, EU-, Swiss embargoes.You
confirm not to be resident in Switzerland or the United States. You
confirm to not be domiciled in or organized under the laws of any country,
whose legislation conflicts with the present purchase of NFTs on the
Etherum blockchain or the purpose of The Company in general. You agree
that you may not, nor permit any third party to do or attempt to do any of
the foregoing without The Company ’s express prior written consent in each
case: (ii) use the Art for your Purchased Hashmask to advertise, market,
or sell any third party product or service; (ii) use the Art for your
Purchased Hashmask in connection with images, videos, or other forms of
media that depict hatred, intolerance, violence, cruelty, or anything else
that could reasonably be found to constitute hate speech or otherwise
infringe upon the rights of others; (iii) sell, distribute for commercial
gain (including, without limitation, giving away in the hopes of eventual
commercial gain), or otherwise commercialize merchandise that includes,
contains, or consists of the Art for your Purchased Hashmask, except as
expressly permitted in these Terms; (iv) attempt to trademark, copyright,
or otherwise acquire additional intellectual property rights in or to the
Art for your Purchased Hashmask; or (e.g., licensed intellectual property
from a celebrity, athlete, or other public figure), you understand and
agree as follows: (v) that you will not have the right to use such Third
Party IP in any way except as incorporated in the Art, and subject to the
license and restrictions contained herein; (x) that the Commercial Use
license in Section 3.C(ii) above will not apply; (y) that, depending on
the nature of the license granted from the owner of the Third Party IP,
The Company may need to pass through additional restrictions on your
ability to use the Art; and (z) to the extent that The Company informs you
of such additional restrictions in writing (email is permissible), you
will be responsible for complying with all such restrictions from the date
that you receive the notice, and that failure to do so will be deemed a
breach of this license. The restrictions in this Section will survive the
expiration or termination of these Terms.

## 4. TERMINATION

In the event of any Force Majeure Event (including a pandemic), breach of
these Terms, or any other event that would make provision of the App or
the Sitecommercially unreasonable for Company, we may, in our discretion
and without liability to you, with or without prior notice, suspend your
access to all or a portion of the App or the Site.

We may terminate your access to the App or the Site as far as technically
feasible in our sole discretion, immediately and without prior notice, and
delete or deactivate your Account and all related information and files in
such account without liability to you, including, for instance, in the
event that you breach any term of these Terms.

## 5. ASSUMPTION OF RISK

You accept and acknowledge each of the following:

A. There are risks associated with using cryptocurrencies, including, but
not limited to, the risk of hardware, software and Internet connections,
the risk of malicious software introduction, and the risk that third
parties may obtain unauthorized access to information stored within your
wallet. You accept and acknowledge that The Company will not be
responsible for any communication failures, disruptions, errors,
distortions or delays you may experience when using the Ethereum network,
however caused.

B. You are solely responsible for determining what, if any, Taxes apply to
your Hashmasks-related transactions. The Company is not responsible for
determining the Taxes that apply to your transactions on the App, the
Site, or the Smart Contracts.

C. The App does not store, send, or receive Hashmasks. This is because
Hashmasks exist only by virtue of the ownership record maintained on the
App’s supporting blockchain in the Ethereum network. Any transfer of
Hashmasks occurs within the supporting blockchain in the Ethereum network,
and not on the App.

D. The prices of blockchain assets are very volatile. Fluctuations in the
price of other digital assets could materially and adversely affect the
value of your Hashmasks, which may also be subject to significant price
volatility. We cannot guarantee that any purchasers of Hashmasks will not
lose money.

E. Risk of loss of private key or passphrase(s): The company is not
responsible for your private keys, which you need in order to access the
NFTs. It is your sole responsibility to protect your private keys. In case
of lost, the company takes no responsibility.

F. The regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies,
cryptocurrencies, and tokens is uncertain, and new regulations or policies
may materially adversely affect the development of the Hashmasks
ecosystem, and therefore the potential utility or value of Hashmasks.

G. Upgrades by Ethereum to the Ethereum platform, a hard fork in the
Ethereum platform, or a change in how transactions are confirmed on the
Ethereum platform may have unintended, adverse effects on all blockchains
using the ERC-721 standard, including the Hashmasks ecosystem.

## 6. LIMITATION OF WARRANTY, LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMERS

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS, THE COMPANY DOES NOT MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AND EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EX-PRESS, IMPLIED, WRITTEN, ORAL
OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND WARRANTIES OTHERWISE ARISING FROM A
COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE.

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) in no event will
the company or any of the subsidiaries, affiliates, directors and
licensors be liable for any damages, whether direct, indirect, special,
incidental, or consequential, of any kind (including, but not limited to,
where related to loss of revenue, income or profits, loss of use or data,
or damages for business interruption) arising out of or in any way related
to the sale or use of the NFT the App, the Site or otherwise related to
these Terms, regardless of the form of action, whether based in contract,
tort (including, but not limited to, simple negligence, whether active,
passive or imputed), or any other legal or equitable theory (even if the
party has been advised of the possibility of such damages and regardless
of whether such damages were foreseeable.

A. YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE
APP IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, AND THAT THE APP IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS
AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WE, OUR
SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, AND LICENSORS MAKE NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES AND
HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES REGARDING THE APP AND ANY PART OF
IT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE SITE, ANY SMART CONTRACT, OR ANY
EXTERNAL WEBSITES), INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY,
OR RELIABILITY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, WE, OUR
SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, AND LICENSORS DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU
THAT: (I) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE APP WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS,
(II) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE APP WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY,
SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR, (III) USAGE DATA PROVIDED THROUGH THE APP WILL
BE ACCURATE, (III) THE APP OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICES, OR FEATURES MADE
AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE APP ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL
COMPONENTS, OR (IV) THAT ANY DATA THAT YOU DISCLOSE WHEN YOU USE THE APP
WILL BE SECURE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED
WARRANTIES IN CONTRACTS WITH CONSUMERS, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE
EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

B. YOU ACCEPT THE INHERENT SECURITY RISKS OF PROVIDING INFORMATION AND
DEALING ONLINE OVER THE INTERNET, AND AGREE THAT WE HAVE NO LIABILITY OR
RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY BREACH OF SECURITY UNLESS IT IS DUE TO OUR WILFUL
INTENT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE.

C. WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSSES YOU INCUR AS
THE RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE ETHEREUM NETWORK OR THE METAMASK WALLET,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES OR CLAIMS ARISING FROM:
(i) USER ERROR, SUCH AS FORGOTTEN PASSWORDS OR INCORRECTLY CONSTRUED SMART
CONTRACTS OR OTHER TRANSACTIONS; (ii) SERVER FAILURE OR DATA LOSS; (iii)
CORRUPTED WALLET FILES; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR ACTIVITIES BY THIRD
PARTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE USE OF VIRUSES, PHISHING,
BRUTEFORCING OR OTHER MEANS OF ATTACK AGAINST THE APP, ETHEREUM NETWORK,
OR THE METAMASK ELECTRONIC WALLET.

D. HASHMASKS ARE INTANGIBLE DIGITAL OBJECTS THAT EXIST ONLY BY VIRTUE OF
THE OWNERSHIP RECORD MAINTAINED IN THE ETHEREUM NETWORK. ALL SMART
CONTRACTS ARE CONDUCTED AND OCCUR ON THE DECENTRALIZED LEDGER WITHIN THE
ETHEREUM PLATFORM. WE HAVE NO CONTROL OVER AND MAKE NO GUARANTEES OR
PROMISES WITH RESPECT TO SMART CONTRACTS.

E. THE COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR LOSSES DUE TO BLOCKCHAINS OR ANY
OTHER FEATURES OF THE ETHEREUM NETWORK OR THE METAMASK ELECTRONIC WALLET,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LATE REPORT BY DEVELOPERS OR REPRESENTATIVES
(OR NO REPORT AT ALL) OF ANY ISSUES WITH THE BLOCKCHAIN SUPPORTING THE
ETHEREUM NETWORK, INCLUDING FORKS, TECHNICAL NODE ISSUES, OR ANY OTHER
ISSUES HAVING FUND LOSSES AS A RESULT.

## 7. INDEMNIFICATION

You agree that you will be responsible for your use of the App or the Site
and holding NFT or NCTand you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold
harmless The Company and its officers, directors, employees, consultants,
affiliates, subsidiaries and agents (collectively, the “The Company
Entities”) from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages,
losses, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs,
arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your access to, use of, or
alleged use of the App, site or token at any time; (ii) your violation of
these Terms or any representation, warranty, or agreements referenced
herein, or any applicable law or regulation; (iii) your violation of any
third-party right, including without limitation any intellectual property
right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right; or (iv) any
disputes or issues between you and any third party. The Company reserves
the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control
of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you (and without
limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to such matter),
and in such case, you agree to cooperate with The Company’s defense of
such claim.

## 8. THIRD-PARTY SITES

The App may include hyperlinks to other web sites or resources
(collectively, “External Sites”), which are provided solely as a
convenience to our users. We have no control over any External Sites, are
not monitoring their content and are providing the respective links for
informational purposes only. You acknowledge and agree that we are not
responsible for the availability of any External Sites, and that we do not
endorse any advertising, products or other content or materials on or made
available from any External Sites. Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree
that we are not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred as a
result of the availability or unavailability of the External Sites, or as
a result of any reliance placed by you upon the completeness, accuracy or
existence of any advertising, products or other content or materials on,
or made available from, any External Sites.

## 9. CHANGES TO THE TERMS

The present Terms may change from time to time, including but not limited
to cases of changes in our App or Site and for any other case that the
company deems as appropriate to improve the user experience.

## 10. CHILDREN

You affirm that you are over the age of 13, as the App is not intended for
children under 13. IF YOU ARE 13 OR OLDER BUT UNDER THE AGE OF 18, OR THE
LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY WHERE YOU RESIDE IF THAT JURISDICTION HAS AN OLDER
AGE OF MAJORITY, THEN YOU AGREE TO REVIEW THESE TERMS WITH YOUR PARENT OR
GUARDIAN TO MAKE SURE THAT BOTH YOU AND YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN UNDERSTAND
AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS. YOU AGREE TO HAVE YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN REVIEW
AND ACCEPT THESE TERMS ON YOUR BEHALF. IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR GUARDIAN
AGREEING TO THE TERMS FOR THE BENEFIT OF A CHILD OVER 13, THEN YOU AGREE
TO AND ACCEPT FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR THAT CHILD'S USE OF THE APP,
INCLUDING ALL FINANCIAL CHARGES AND LEGAL LIABILITY THAT HE OR SHE MAY
INCUR.

## 11. WAIVER OF CLASS LAWSUITES

ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THESE TERMS MUST BE LITIGATED
ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS OR COLLECTIVE BASIS, ONLY
INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR
USER CANNOT BE CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER.

## 12. PRIVACY POLICY

Our Privacy Policy describes the ways we collect, use, store and disclose
your personal information, and is hereby incorporated by this reference
into these Terms. You agree to the collection, use, storage, and
disclosure of your data in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

## 13. GENERAL

If a provision of these terms is unenforceable as written, but could be
changed to make it enforceable, that provision should be modified to the
minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable. Otherwise, that provision
should be removed.

You may not assign your agreement with the company. The company may assign
your agreement to any affiliate of the company, any other company that
obtains control of the company, or any other company that buys assets of
the company related to the forum. Any attempted assignment against these
terms has no legal effect.

Neither the exercise of any right under this Agreement, nor waiver of any
breach of this Agreement, waives any other breach of this Agreement.

## 14. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

These Terms and all claims relating to or arising out of this Agreement,
or the breach thereof, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be
governed by Swiss Law, excluding Swiss choice-of-law principles.

Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of, or in relation to, this
Agreement, including the validity, invalidity, breach, or termination
thereof, shall be resolved by the cantonal court of the canton of Zug,
Switzerland.

## 15. MISCELLANEOUS

These Terms and any policies or operating rules posted by us on the Site,
the App or in respect to the Site or the Application constitute the entire
agreement and understanding between you and the Company. Our failure to
exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not
operate as a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms operate to the
fullest extent permissible by law. We shall not be responsible or liable
for any loss, damage, delay, or failure to act caused by any cause beyond
our reasonable control. If any provision or part of a provision of these
Terms is determined to be unlawful, void, and unenforceable, that
provision or part of the provision is deemed severable these Terms and
does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
provisions. There is no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency
relationship created between you and us as a result of these Terms or use
of the Site. You agree that these Terms will not be construed against us
by virtue of having drafted them. You hereby waive any and all defenses
you may have based on the electronic form of these Terms of Use and the
lack of signing by the parties hereto to execute these Terms.
